Learning objectives (#6)
mitre/fhir-for-research: modules/smart-on-fhir-intro.qmd

  - Clinician Scientist/Trainee

learning_objectives:

>   - question: Restate how SMART on FHIR supports research with data in EHRs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - question: Explain how SMART on FHIR supports research with data in EHRs.
```

>     answer: SMART on FHIR can help researchers work with multiple institutions' EHRs with a build once and repurpose application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    answer: SMART on FHIR allows for a single application to integrate with multiple institutions' EHRs with minimal institution-specific customization. Without SMART on FHIR, substantial institution-specific development work would be needed.
```
